Add mkdocs documentation (#66)
Imageomics/pybioclip: docs/index.md

# pybioclip

> Command line tool and python package to simplify using [BioCLIP](https://imageomics.github.io/bioclip/), including for taxonomic or other label prediction on (and thus annotation or labeling of) images, as well as for generating semantic embeddings for images. No particular understanding of ML or computer vision is required to use it. It also implements a number of performance optimizations for batches of images or custom class lists, which should be particularly useful for integration into computational workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Command line tool and python package to simplify the use of [BioCLIP](https://imageomics.github.io/bioclip/).

Key features include:

- **Taxonomic label prediction** for images across ranks in the Linnaean hierarchy (tunable from kingdom to species).
- **Custom label predictions** from user-supplied classification categories.
- **Image embedding generation** in a text-aligned feature space.
- **Batch image processing** with performance optimizations.
- **Workflow integration** for computational pipelines.

It is designed to enable users without requiring in-depth knowledge of machine learning or computer vision.
```

I feel this could be reworded for improved clarity. Also, it may be misleading to state that "no particular understanding of ML" is needed if target users may not know what "semantic embeddings" are without prior knowledge of CLIP. The term 'semantic' is meaningful though ... for the embedding feature bullet, perhaps a footnote with a more in-depth definition? Or does the point as listed hear hint to it well enough?

Author: This paragraph is copied from the main README. I don't think users need to know what an embedding is to run the tool. ie.`bioclip predict butterfly.png` or `bioclip embed butterfly.png`. They might not know why they would want to run the tool.

Author: I do like adding the list of features. I'm going to commit the suggestion so I can see what it looks like rendered.

Author: ![Screenshot 2024-11-27 at 9 10 15 AM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2cf7e715-337d-403b-a521-cf5242daaca1)

The Workflow Integration line feels like a bit of a strech. That makes me think we might provide a CWL tool definition or a snakemake rule. I'm going to update this to focus on the container support for use with a workflow.

Author: I added links to the command line examples for each key feature and changed the wording for the last item.
<img width="751" alt="Screenshot 2024-11-27 at 9 25 48 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dbe0ab34-6e54-4768-a623-b7a74b1768a9">

I also added back the line about ease of use. I really want to underscore the idea that you just run a simple command and make use of a ML model.

Reviewer 2: I think the line 
> It is designed to enable users without requiring in-depth knowledge of machine learning or computer vision.

makes the same point that it doesn't really require the knowledge, while not dismissing any need (or recommendation) for some understanding of what the tool is/does. There's a tendency to use ML tools without understanding what they actually are or do (i.e., limitations and biases). I feel like this softens it to still say ease of use without dismissing that or crossing into a disclaimer, but perhaps there's a mid-ground for it?

Just my two cents; I think the linked key features is a nice addition.

Reviewer 2: Sure. Maybe more like "no specific ML _coding_ knowledge is required"?

Author: I updated the text with this last tweak and created #67 to handle the larger concern.

Reviewer: This looks great! I feel it's much more appealing to a new visitor in this format.
